prep for GA arm docker (#8285)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/building-docker-images.md

Author: for pricing, we can point to https://circleci.com/product/features/resource-classes/

### Resource classes
{: #resource-classes}

> **Arm on Docker** For pricing information, and a list of CircleCI Docker convenience images that support Arm resource classes, see the [Arm and Docker Discuss post](https://discuss.circleci.com/t/product-launch-arm-docker-preview/48601).

Author: for pricing we can point to https://circleci.com/product/features/resource-classes/

> **Arm on Docker** For pricing information, and a list of CircleCI Docker convenience images that support Arm resource classes, see the [Arm and Docker Discuss post](https://discuss.circleci.com/t/product-launch-arm-docker-preview/48601).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Arm on Docker** For pricing information, and a list of CircleCI Docker convenience images that support Arm resource classes, see the [Resource classes page](https://circleci.com/product/features/resource-classes/).
```
